all right here is sean's new car and
indifference to being read he's already
named it ginger of course I already
anytime I see ginger I think of Marianne
it's a real straight real clean little
guy
that's pretty good couple little dings
here and there but it's not a big old
rusty Hulk or anything it's pretty sharp
where's the inside
all that is straight dash is nice and
clean shiny got the radio delete going
on
this nice little car buddy I'm with you
I would just drive it enjoy the hell out
of this guy actually before I came down
here my new dash came in for the new dag
out the new one oh the answer oh yeah
that's actually a 65 inch from the cap
is it and it doesn't quite fit right it
looks like it fits no I can see in the
corners yeah feet down around the corner
at just plus the 64 is more flat that
one speaks if that one comes out the
pointy today yeah
no it looks pretty good but I wouldn't
have you and have brought that up I'd
have probably had taken me two or three
trips to notice it yeah my new one came
in just before I came down here cool
you